e
e e
[Music]
I don't
remember you last cried time could only
tell what words have
L ever welting R to each time a
beautiful meory
[Music]
and I don't
know if it's hard for you or just me
[Music]
anyway and all these things I feel for
everything that
want I just can't get it out of my
[Music]
head get you out of my
head we've watched from distant world so
cried out to hear the wind blow
maybe it was all of
[Music]
us maybe it was one of us rushing
through a fin night you when every drop
of rain would burn us between the warmth
and what we
had too young to understand the day
[Music]
I don't
know if it's hard for you or just me
anyway
were you we had
fallen and all the things I feel for
everything that
was I I can't stop thinking at all
still the shadows of our friendship
never we ever
tried you're destined for silence
yeah we are bound to a
circumstance of Our Own
[Music]
for
is because of you so why did I
forget so soon does what you did for me
get lost in this reget
remember
all the little
things never ever know
all I just
can't let go
you
memories trapped in
empathy still I can't
seem to
feel feeling
everything how it comes so surreal
[Music]
when we woke up there wasn't another day
for
us oh another chance to live
again oh how we fought I still we Lear
what really
matter it turned out fire but I'm still
sced
anyway remember
all the little
things yes I'll never ever know you
again
[Music]
remember hold on I'm not ready yet but
this is so important
I
Squidward August 12 2036 heat death of
the universe August 12
2036 the heat death of the universe
August 12th 2036 the heat death of the
universe okay thank you
[Music]
oh how we
thought how we thought
[Music]
okay wait I I was half expecting for the
volume to like change on my end as I
slowly cuz I
just hold
on I was half expecting the audio to
change on my end even though
know damn well that's not what's going
to happen because it's just from on the
stream end that I just turned the volume
down so everyone else you got to hear
like the song fade out but for me I just
started turning down the knob for it and
I didn't hear it change volume and for
some reason that freaked me
out anyway hello 20 36ers he death of
the
universe where are
we it's been been over a
year
since I've last streamed and then before
then I think it was like something like
a year again as
well because my brain is slowly
deteriorating and I'm becoming a corn
Gob but as anyone has been in the
streams before actually I might turned
on my desktop
audio is anyone is in the streams before
you'll know that we usually start by
just staring at my desktop and talking
hello I don't I'm I don't know if I'm
that like interesting of a
person so that's why I don't stream that
much anymore cuz like every time I
stream I have to like pretend to have a
personality and I'm like really tired a
lot of the time
so um we're going to try something new
this
time and it's going to be me not
pretending to have a
personality and we're just going to hang
out we're just gonna stream League again
no maybe but no I would stream Le I
would stream
League I'm totally fine with that
but the the people who play League of
Legends are like
[__] that is true that is
true
okay
okay you can say hi chat Nami is here
everyone say
hello to
hello they're just okay all right I
don't know how loud that is for them
I'm out of
here now everyone else
knows Mike
ASMR I've already lost track of my train
of thought what was I even saying does
anyone remember
legs League of Legends
so um I would stream it I'm like totally
fine with that like I am totally fine
with everyone seeing like how bad I am
at leag
but the problem with streaming league is
and the same thing goes for like a lot
of multiplayer games is just the people
in those games are like so [__]
up
so I
don't thank
you this is incred this
is this is incredible
okay um hello so yeah everyone's like an
[__] and I kind of don't want to
subject everyone to that
again that makes
sense um i' I find League fun now
because I like don't care and it's like
super fun when everyone's chill and just
like stupid [__] happens that's like
when it's it's best but um
huh she go to the grocery store she
might on in the grocery
store
um Tetris with
viewers I think I'm going to Tetris
actually league league is confusing I
tried
like playing it again with the mindset
of like okay if I were new to this game
how would this pan out and I just
realized how like [__] stupid it
is
and what freaks me out about that is
it's like I don't even know how I
learned how to play
league cuz I think about like I don't I
don't know how I play how I learn to
play league CU it's such a complicated
game and my brain kind of like doesn't
handle that kind of stuff very well so
I'm like trying to figure out how did I
actually like learn to play this [__]
video
game mind sweeper actually cuz the new
the new Minecraft update comes out what
tomorrow the new Minecraft update
completely separate from M super by the
way but Minecraft update comes out like
tomorrow or like on the some the next
few days or so um I'll probably make a
server with a few of my friends and I
could like stream being on that or
something
what's my album of the year right
now uh that is a good
question um I really like the Caroline
Pol
album um it's really
good I don't know like there's a lot of
I still haven't heard the new jpeg album
I like skim through and I was like oh
this is really cool but like I didn't
like do a deep lessen or anything I need
to oh [__] thank you yeah the the
paranal album is really good out the
magic is really
good um yeah actually Minecraft used to
be such an integral part of my streams
like I feel like if there are any people
here from like the earlier streams like
a few years ago they could probably
recite some of the lore like I don't
know who's who remembers Stewie did he
remember
Stewie Stewie Stewie Minecraft anyone
Stewie or does anyone remember gillin
Dylan this Stewie girl and we have some
crazy we had a crazy lore for those
streams I kept developing right over
several streams it's like I feel like
that was before the prominence of
Minecraft SMP or whatever I don't even
know what that [__] is cuz I don't watch
it I think what makes my Minecraft
Stream So compelling is that I don't
watch any Minecraft videos anywhere so I
don't know what anyone else is doing and
so my perspective is just like the my
fevered
imagination What spe what species was
Stewie again Stewie was a baby was a
baby zombie pigman I think
I think it was just a baby zombie
Pigman and then possibly evolved into an
adult Zombie Pigman and was
captured in in I don't remember the lore
exactly anymore I don't like playing
modded Minecraft it's like too much for
my Brands just play like normal normal
Minecraft Captain SP Arles is based in
craft build someone earlier said to play
Roblox I haven't playing Roblox I'm not
very good at any of the games there yet
but I did complete the Taylor Swift
obstacle course after struggling through
the trivia section because I don't know
her music videos that
well and one of and one of the several
sections you have to like type and
answer in the obstacle course like what
music video is this from it's like I
don't know at all
um what is my dream
car I don't really have a dream car CU I
like don't like
cars I mean like cars are kind of chill
but like I kind of prefer to go on a
train
though and I don't really like
cars cars are really loud and they smell
really
bad and they're also really scary and
they're super loud I think I said that
but they're really
loud and when trains are loud they're
like fun like it's not just I [__]
hate your ears it's like the train when
a train is that it's like ding dong
everything's musical it's like that's
that's
awesome I think that's incredible I
think I think trains are so much better
than cars I think most people should
agree with me trains
rights trains do have a rhythm they stop
and start and they
go you
know
like I'm just trying to find the Among
Us wholesome 100 chungus train to be
real with
you we
it chitty chaty if anything but I have
to I have to put this up there they made
us watch titty Chitty Bang Bang at like
some summer camp I was at like 10 12 13
years ago
and that's when I forged this like deep
hatred for that movie I can't really
tell you
why like I I don't feel like the movie
is is all that like polarizing for
normal people but I for some reason when
I hear the name Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
and I like look at like images from from
the movie I like get really
mad like I don't I can't really explain
it I just get angry like I [__] [__]
hate this movie I can't stand it but I
can't tell you
why it's a wonderful life is a good
movie actually and like even with the
like whole like uh religious side quest
of it it actually like Works cuz it's
like I don't know it's a it's a good
movie it's wonderful it is a good movie
um I'm I'm so for Mary Poppins though
like that's my if you if we're going to
talk like old quote unquote movies or I
think the quote unquote should have been
over
old if we're talking about old movies
older I mean 60s isn't too old but like
there's old okay anyway like Mary
Poppins is awesome sound of music is
good but Mary Poppins like has inspired
me since
forever like you could probably listen
to some of my music knowing that I like
Mary Poppins and like point out some
like progressions and Sh and be like
okay that's where that comes
from I've seen the music man but I've
only seen it once so I didn't to see it
again but it kind of reminds me of like
like it kind of reminds me of a story
You' hear in G4 honestly do you like
spicy food holy [__] is the craziest
question
because I have such a good like
tolerance for spicy food that it kind of
pisses people off
sometimes I'm not like a thrill seeker
like I really just like like being chill
I don't really like to do a lot of crazy
things but the one thing that I could
probably do is like eat the most insane
spicy food ever just like extremely
fearlessly because it tastes good as
[__] and like my mouth hurts and I'll
start crying and it like seems like I'm
like not having a good time but it's
like seriously the greatest [__] ever
like my sinuses after that
like I actually a while ago we had just
a couple ghost peppers in our cabinet I
just like ate them is this snack it's
like
funny but eventually that you learn that
they will get like really
flaky and I didn't bother buying
anymore I have I have the the 2x the 2x
Roman what's crazy is Scoville level the
2x Ramen is
like is really low on the Scoville level
but for whatever reason that shit's like
crazy than some of the actual like crazy
spicy stuff I've had in my
life and one time I had a sauce that was
like what 9 million Scoville or
something like something completely
scientifically engineered to be like
stupidly spicy and it's like that was
fine like that that didn't really fazed
me too bad the 9 million sco but but the
the 2x Ramen for some reason that will
like kind of get me to budge a little
bit compared to like actual like crazy
hot sauce it's interesting but it's like
really good and it goes really good with
like
um it goes really good with like rice
honestly but like on the side like don't
pour it in just like you go you go out
the ramen and then you go out the rice
and you go out the ramen you go out the
rice it's like good it's like I don't
know it's the oil Yeah it's you're well
you're supposed to stir fry the 2x I
think
uh usually when I make it I don't stir
fry it cuz I hate cleaning the [__]
pot but sometimes when when I do stir
fry it's like way
spicier and I I wonder
why I don't know the science behind it
CU if you just boil it it doesn't like
hit as
much but if
you if you stir fry the 2x it goes way
harder so I'm like terribly afraid of
like roller
coasters but I'm like s but but like the
extreme thing I'll do is like spicy food
that's me that's me all the way like the
problem is I have a lot of stomach
issues and it's mainly because I eat
spicy food too much and like any doctor
would probably tell me like uh maybe
don't do that if you're like always like
that but it's like unfortunately I need
to feel the pain so
you
know you know how it
is punk and hello hello
hello spicy food doesn't fling me into
Wows SP spicy food doesn't fling me into
Wows so
true would you feel on Ferris wheels
uh I don't know I'm not really that
afraid of heights honestly it's for for
for roller coasters it's just sort of
like they feel they always feel like too
rickety I'm like I can't do it but like
Ferris wheels you put me up high there
but it's pretty sturdy so I'm like all
right let
chill you know what I mean like when
you're on a roller coaster it's like
shaking around like does you're you're
just strapped in with like a thing and
it's like okay this is a little crazy
but uh Fair feel you know you could put
me as high as you want and I don't care
because it feels pretty sturdy to me
Ferris wheels with no walls I don't know
like all you need is a railing
right I feel like that's all you need
really I [__] hate Six Flags except
that's not really that interesting
because I hate most theme parks a lot of
people I have to I have to explain this
to a lot of people I just don't like
Disneyland I hate it I can't stand
it I used to have to go there like a lot
because it's like a family trip thing
and I just hated it
I don't
like if I'm going to deal it with a lot
of like a huge group of people make it a
concert where everyone can push each
other and it's like chill like everyone
can get into a fist fight and it's like
no one's going to get arrested because
it's just chill but if you're like in a
like a crowd of people at Disneyland it
just
sucks like I hate that like if you're
going to put me in a group of people you
know in enclosed space and we're going
to wait in lines at least make it a
situation where I can like punch someone
and it's
fine cuz I I hate waiting lines but I'm
like super patient also like I can space
out and just like completely
disassociate and nothing
happens there's so many layers to this
it should be a Blood Sport to gun rids
yeah that would make it fun is if they
didn't like arrest me for like punching
someone in the face during like waiting
for a roller coaster or something then
that be that then I go to
Disneyland if like instead of like
meeting Mickey Mouse you could just like
beat him to death and it's like
chill that's like all right I'll do that
I'll do that I just can't like I don't
know I feel like I feel like everyone's
just going to think I want to fight
people maybe I do but like that's you
like concerts are so much like a better
space for like a bunch of people to be
in cuz like you can just kind kind of
like go crazy a little bit Disney punch
pass this this puts a whole this puts a
whole new level of meaning to Punch
Cards
honestly okay guys today we need to kill
Mickey Mouse I think
so it's kind of mean have you considered
wrestling wrestling uh
no am I like am I like triping or do do
you not punch people in wrestling that's
just like hugging and like being like M
like upper body strength
[__] I don't know what to think about
martial
arts WWE Disney soer you punch in boxing
yeah that's what I thought I thought
wrestling you just like hug each other
and just like see who can like be the
best
hugger like am I am I wrong like I don't
know anything about martial arts
[Laughter]
I'm pretty sure it's like I'm pretty
sure you get disqualified if you punch
someone during like wrestling because
I'm pretty sure that's completely not
it completely incorrect
action sorry I only saw Ikea without the
previous sentence I was just like I was
trying to figure out how to answer that
honestly I can't as a question it's like
I guess it is you
know Ikea no you need a question mark
it's a it's you need to phrase it as a
question there we go see everyone else
gets
it wait okay I I learned something
recently and this is like first grade
[__] but I recently like learned that
the exclamation and question mark
together is called an interabang or
whatever and I didn't know that like
I've heard that word so many times but I
didn't know what it meant and like the
other day I saw the thing and it was it
said inter like what the [__]
hello how come I didn't know this like I
what I thought it's just called The
Freak Out pair of funny dudes you know
not
inang is it interabang or interabang or
interabang cuz like you could emphasize
any part of
sorry we're like I feel like we're on to
like several plans of conversation right
now everyone's confused I said whether
we should be talking about inang or or
Ikea or both or neither you play chess I
do and I'm really
bad I I literally started learning a
couple of months ago because I was just
like I don't know how to play chess so
I'm just going to start like playing
chess
because no one taught me no one was like
hey you want to play chess like no one
ever asked me to play
chess so I was like
okay Tetris is better than chess
yeah chess stream would a chess stream
be exciting actually chess chess chess
competitive chess is a blood bath
honestly but competitive chest as far as
I understand that shit's like the the
tension that builds between the two
people like taking five hours to do one
turn it's not there's a timer it's like
what
38 15 minutes each something like that
like the amount of like tension that
builds over one person spending like two
minutes pulling a [__] move like that
it it's insane because they're like
staring each other down and they're like
looking at this one board um what's
crazy about Chess is how I don't know
what the proper word for it is but it's
like you can't really like it's hard to
cheat you know unless you have a
computer or something but it's like hard
to cheat because you could you you don't
there's like no Hidden Hand or anything
like you can see
everything and it's all about like the
move you make and like that it's it's um
I don't know what the word for that is
someone someone will
know because of like the openness of it
it's like that [__] gets tense like
proest is tense as
[__] you can just punch them you know my
I feel like everyone's just going to
think my advice to everything now it's
just like start punching and it's like
that's helpful half the time but not for
everything aside from Trixie L who's
best pony is Starlet
glimmer that's so easy so
easy so
easy the Magnus Carl and stuff I didn't
actually follow up on like what if that
was if that's been like figured out or
anything
people are going to no please don't
punch people I'm going to start selling
like germa oh chat please don't punch
people that's
weird don't do that that's
weird do think you make a song about
Temple Shadow I already did
chat is going way too fast for me now
there's like a slow chat mode but I
don't feel like putting it on it right
now if it gets crazy I
will the Great and Powerful
germa germa is like the only uh streamer
I can watch I
think I don't know why
does anyone know if this Jo dude's a
troll or
what I haven't been paying attention all
I'm just like come on all these
messages the Philippines loves me it
better because I'm like part
Filipino okay
okay you give me a stupid little guy
just don't just don't go too crazy
that's all I'm
say I feel like every time people find
out on part Filipino I have to apologize
but I don't know
why home stuck well no thanks
where do you always have a stream so
late I don't know because I don't
like my brain's [__] up I like woke
up five six hours
ago how many keyers do you have I don't
know I'm going to build another
one it's fun it's just hard who is third
best pony okay that's a harder question
it's easy to ask after Trixie who's the
best because Starlight they're like a
pair but
um I don't know I'm in I'm in a
Pacific uh if you want to say the
keyboard I've I'm using right
now uh where my camera is that
it yeah this is the one I'm using right
now I don't know if you can
if everyone just turn your screen upside
down so you can see it
properly um but this the this is the
keyboard I'm using right
now I I originally thought it was like
it was gonna I was gonna have a hard
time adjusting to the Alice
layout but um when I started using
it my like hands adjusted pretty quickly
and then after that now I can't use a
normal keyboard anymore because it like
hurts my wrist cuz this is like so much
more natural what is the benefit of the
wonky your your wrist can go like this
instead of like this it doesn't seem
like a big difference on screen but it
really is Shameless Coca-Cola PL I feel
like we've made jokes about Dr Pepper
before so I feel like having [__] C
care is just
sacriligious um I have parts for another
one right now I just I just hav all the
parts are here for but I'm like kind of
like asking if I want to switch anything
out but um I have parts for another one
about a round musical keyboard too they
they have one of those they literally
just came out one of them I don't know
who who made
it but there there someone made a midi
controller that's like circular I don't
remember who it
was my favorite key switches honestly uh
I don't know because there's a lot of
good ones um my brain wants me to say
that I want to I I want to say a cherry
M makx blacks like proper vintage ones
but I've never actually used any myself
just from The Sound tests I've heard
like those ones are like
crazy yeah this is a fidget thing it
just
does does this there's there's another
one I have where you just put it on your
finger and you just
go that's
awesome it's very good
um I recently built this one too which
um I'm not using actively because I just
prefer this layout but it sounds pretty
good it's pretty
good um I have to unplug this keyboard
what this one sounds like
is you
know
um the one I'm so I with this one this
is kind of like the one I've really
wanted the most and it's like perfect
this this one's doing um Gaton milky Y
is and I've like kind of been trying to
get the sound profile for a long
time and now that I've got it like I
feel like I was chasing it for a while
and now that I've got it I'm like I need
to do something else
now so I'm going to try and do something
with more like high pitched profile next
or
something I don't live this is myself I
can't do that sh I just get them
Libs I do everything else though I did
the stabs for all of them what's
interesting is the space bar in the in
this one sounds great this one was
sounding
good but there's like this
little thing going on that I can't
figure out why it sounds like that
because a bit ago um I worked on the
stab
stabs I worked on the stab I think I was
trying to figure out if I said stabiliz
you stabs um I worked on the stabs for
for these and they sounded good for a
bit and then for some reason they like
stopped sounding as good and so I I've
not quite sure
why um cuz like the other one has just
been fine the whole time
so uh yeah it's a perfect
Loop what is keep keyboard sound matter
it doesn't it's just it's just
obsessiveness that's
it
um yeah it it's just it's a subjective
Thing feel is really the more important
thing and um I don't know I still kind
of don't know what I prefer because the
switches in these ones are linear these
ones are tactile
um
also when something is too scratchy and
rattly it does just kind of an like it
gets more distracting than helpful so I
guess that's that's the that's the
potential objective benefit to your
sound profile if it's distracting to you
personally then it's just not going to
be nice to
use I have able to open for some
reason it might be because I do this
[Music]
sometimes there's L these
going L is going from part of my other
keyboard yeah that's from my music Cube
um I feel like there's going to be one
person that asks me while I'm opening
omnisphere for a keyscape
patch and it's because you can't do micr
tuning you can't like exit this screen
and keyscape so you can an OM sphere and
then do the fine tuning there and stuff
which I need I prefer that cuz I often
really like
when things are a little
bit a little bit
[Music]
pitchy light
let me see
um I'm like running a new setup with OBS
so I'm
like camera is not
showing up in this
mode
I'm fixing one
second uh video capture
Source
camera there we go hello
now the question is where do I put
it do we prefer it on the right
side on the left side don't think I want
to put it anywhere up
here everyone vote left or right side
we're not we're not putting it we're not
putting it in the
middle left
because of course we can always switch
back to the main view here anytime
I nice little sliding
animation good
[Music]
work because this is a 49 ke keyboard if
I want to do do weird octus stuff
sometimes I have to switch in the middle
of it
anyone know this one
[Music]
it is do all
differently I don't even know what this
chord is that's nice
[Music]
I
fascinating
[Music]
Discord sound effect is the in to the
song um it actually would not be the
first time I've done that
but show what we can do with
that um
a 10 runs so much more
slowly for 12 point whatever the or 11
what is it
11.3 this 11.3 update has really slowed
things down quite a bit it's really
great okay
we have some options here I've been
playing around with the
um face plant
[Music]
it sounds pretty
cool you get to see sound even trippier
if we do this
[Music]
message actually we can just make a
thing that modul between the two of
them um I don't know how to we'll do
this and then go
[Music]
it does kind of sound PS1 PS2
era there's a way we could emphasized
that even
more I think maybe instead of
[Music]
Elo I don't
know I'm thinking about how I really
wish it would like kind of transition
smoothly from one to the other but
there's all this like space in between
that will just sound really loud and
kind of I mean we can try it
[Music]
though I mean that sounds cool too
do something funnier and
go oh no
[Music]
B
n
LFO key tra it's not I don't even know
how you would do that on here I'm still
started new to face
but I don't know if I necessarily want
it to be either
[Music]
a little this
actually
[Music]
sure how it's GNA sound with
it I kind of wanted to make
it hard Rhythm but
all
[Music]
okay
for for
[Music]
so let a kick drum from the
uh let's a kick drum from the Discord
sound let's make a snare now
is
TR for a really strong transan out of it
[Music]
just trying to make all these sounds
using the Discord sound effects only
that
and then we can just
like turn this into just a trigger for
noise Maybe
e
this feels like this should actually be
the
start so I'll
just e
for
[Music]
that
for e
see what will you
be everything's in weird
[Music]
pitching oh set
I don't agree with that Baseline though
[Music]
oh oh
a
[Music]
I
interesting
wow
wow w wow wow wow
n
wowowow
wowow wow wowowow
wowow
[Music]
wowowow
w
n
[Music]
for
w
[Music]
I
what band
[Music]
music e
some Nintendo sound effects from like
the 90s
[Music]
sorry for the alarm
tone this what you hear in the
morning the most [__]
up Jingle
Bells huh
huh
H what's the
secret you lost me at Shawn MZ
the [__] dog the green one the one
with two
eyes I don't think that's where they
live well their pasta is burning and
that's because of Shawn Mendes God
[__] damn it Shan Mendes
n
no
[Music]
he
a
[Music]
[Applause]
a
[Music]
wa
the e
[Music]
this is the most lame sound I've ever
heard listen to this with a
metronome car is
locked e
[Music]
n
f
[Music]
oh
w
[Music]
all
n
[Music]
so in case you in case you're like
coming in late or you don't realize
what's going on here every single sound
in this song is made with the with the
sound effect as the sore
sound that's it every single sound
including the drums
[Music]
um in fact I still I even bus process
this we can make the sound
[Music]
better um uh Round of Applause to
universal audio for finally porting
their [__] to not need Hardware by the
way
shout out because I've been wanting the
native version of the API 2500 forever
and I couldn't get it cuz they're going
to make you buy like an $800 piece of
Hardware just to use
it and they finally ported it to Native
so yay we can use it instead of using
the [__] waves version so round of
applause to a company that
is slightly better than they
were 15 years ago well done
they're still [__] expensive but
whatever it's
whatever I just love the way this this
compressor sounds though API 2500
definitely my favorite compressor
okay I like how that sounds and then I
feel like that would sound really good
with
um true
iron sounds super
deep add just a nice little like low end
crunch
there oh I [__] hate it without this
now I can't I can't take this off now it
just sounds so good
it like loses everything with
up that is ridiculous how good that
sounds if you need like really subtle
Transformer oriented saturation just
[__] get this thing it's super subtle
but it just like makes everything sound
insanely
full
um if I were to show you what this
sounds like we crank the [__] out like
basically it gets really
crunchy but if you use this super subtly
it just like it's just it just adds a
lot of like depth in between the cracks
of like the frequencies it's like
um adding saturation on a super subtle
level but with like really good
oversampling just [__] like fills in
all that St it's so
good it's really subtle but if you like
if you can hear the difference you will
start to hate it without it I know I do
I just I turned it off after a flying
I'm just like I can't [__] listen to
it without it
[Music]
now I'm curious if we're like because I
added the side
chaining if if adding some more lowend
would be too much of
a a silly thing to do for that kick drum
um I'll try it with Spectre
instead of an EQ
[Music]
oh yeah that definitely benefits I think
I wonder if we could face fo that will
sound
[Music]
better I don't know if it's my ears
tricking me but it sound the kick drum
sounds better phas flips I guess we
could overlay
um we're looking at the base here um
so this mycope mode I'm then side chain
the
kick 14 something
[Music]
seven so this is with it phase flip
there it's like in Phase here but the
initial impact
isn't and I'm
like Duck it more
maybe because it's just this beginning
part it's like out of phase and then if
I flip it again it'll be like in phase
at the start but then
not later on
[Music]
okay it's not it's not just my ears it's
definitely more in Phase when it's
flipped so I'm going to leave it
[Music]
flipped yeah this definitely
better okay I'm I'm like just like
paying attention to the chat a little
bit more why does everyone keep asking
me if they can use the
bathroom not a classroom
I feel like I feel like you should do
that go to PE go to more people's
streams and be like can I have the hall
pass really
quickly please like someone's just like
booking it on Minecraft and you're just
like put that pickaxe down give me the
hall
pass it's time to
go like can we go to recess now too you
guys going to start asking we can go to
recess what's our recess [__] League
of Legends
what's the test I don't know I feel like
every I feel like life is testing me
constantly in
fact
um I like not been talking much because
this is how I get this is why I'm just
like everyone put your expectations
really low if I like work on something
because I just don't talk I just like am
like paying
attention it's like I I can't like what
I can't tell if it's enjoyable to watch
like maybe it's interesting but I can't
tell if this is entertaining to just
like listen to me and watch me do this
without saying a [__]
word CU I got so tunnel
Visions you do a custom lead game on
stream okay
maybe
maybe would need to have 10 I don't want
any [__] randos in
there is it lunch
[Music]
time I'm like not that good at fortnite
cuz I use a
controller all it's I play on
playstation instead of my PC
so this going to be a bank I don't know
I don't know if I'm going to finish it
it's just
[Music]
fun my Clips say otherwise I post the
clips that are like
good I don't post when I fumble hard cuz
I do
I don't play a lot of multiplayer games
and I like I don't know they're not
they're not always tell I play fortnite
because no one
talks I play fortnite because I do it
and then no one talks except for someone
I
know clip all your fumbles ignore all
your
wins I hit this [__] like FaZe ass
clip once on the previous chapter was
like sliding down a mountain I like no
scoped someone and then like one shot
two other people on the way down it was
[__] crazy i s God I have a recording
of it
somewhere I do build I would not play
Zero build so I I have this really bad
compulsion it's just a silly little
thing in my head but like I don't I play
vanilla Minecraft and I play like a
build only because I only I want to play
what like everyone is going to
experience for the most part
huh
lasagna that's lasagna
I really really
cheesy's why does it taste so teesy I
don't know but parmes just
goter it's [__] lasagna core
everyone zero build is not the no it's
not yes I do like it it's really good
bye zero build is not better that's so
like wrong
if you can't if you can't like build a
little bit at least it's like you're
even playing fortnite for it's called
fortnite we doing zero build you know
take over Fort it's going to burn down
you can't build that [__]
back it's called
fortnite you gotta
build you got to get in this [__]
like room rushes where's like in a
[__] square you got to build like a a
labyrinth it's
fun it's like kind of sweaty but like
it's
fun I don't
know fortnite battle
pass this battle pass isn't like kind of
kind of good and like kind of
[__] like that lizard the lizard date is
like so furry bait but like the worst
furry
bait but um
was it Amari the one with the records
and like the like floats on the Rainbow
Record like that that's that's like
really
good that's a good that's a good skin in
the battle pass but like and yeah
Highwire Highwire is so cool but like
the rest of the battle pass for this
season has been so like good I was just
all
right
um I don't know also how do you talk
Mouse
schools from the Chrome season the
Chrome season wasn't even all that fun
but the battle pass for that one was so
good it's all worth it for me school I
don't remember I don't even remember
what the rest of that battle pass
was masc met matter the
most purely for the CHR caps
I mean the Chrome was fun actually but
um God the current map is just so
pretty like the other map uh I don't
know what the map names are but
the chapter 3 map for the whole time is
kind of ugly as [__] it's kind of really
ugly make a song about chicken
sandwiches I got make a fortnite song
that's what I got to
do I make a song about eating eating
chicken sandwiches and playing
fortnite fortnite fortnite is really fun
like when I first I first played it in
2018 and it was fun to me then but I
just couldn't get into it yet and then I
played again in like 2017 or
2018 I'm sorry did I [__] lose my
track of
time excuse me I played like 2018 and
then again in like 2019 both like very
brief moments in
time and then I like kind of forgot
about it and then I started playing
again like what 2021
maybe do a fortnite collab with
Drake
sure whatever you whatever you want a
for collab with
Drake fortnite sample song fortnite has
so many sound effects that would be
crazy to go through a folder of them
does anyone know there's a fortnite
sample pack for
real imagine pinky fighting thanas they
never do actually okay no I take that
back because they're doing a a
Transformers collaboration right now
right what would stop them because
Transformers is Hasbro so is My Little
Pony what would stop
them what stopped them from having a
pony
mode they got to get revolver osela as
the tier 10 skin next
season yeah actually that makes sense
equestrial girls would fit more for
fortnite I would kind of not like it as
much as like just normal G4 ponies but
like I guess like a c girls would
be
um proportionally able to be implemented
better without doing much I
think Celestia Optimus Prime they kind
of do though they kind of have the I
don't know the like Mech bear for that
one thing
yeah as the back bling actually cuz they
have the [__] among us back
bling that's like a little thing with a
little
things I don't
know rad Dash was in Transformers yeah I
remember that but she turned into a
gun they should just put gun in fortnite
as a character not like a gun for you to
use but gun the
character walk up like you know the NPCs
they have in fortnite but there just a
[__] floating gun it's like what's
going on
gun what can I buy from you what will
you say what is your unique dialogue and
the gun will say gun and I'll be like
that's incredible and I support that for
you
it's
crazy a floating gun a floating gun
would give me nightmares like you could
replace a gun with any other object like
an apple is it still
funny is that still funny to you a
floating Apple would give me nightmares
it was even you weren't even playing it
was funny I know what I'm saying
what gun would it be that's anyone's
guess right now I'm just feeling like
it's M24
whatever just a big [__]
thing with a box for the chain
whatever for the
belt the Apple AR headset I don't I know
I not I don't
know I don't
think if they gave it to me for free
it'd be like hell yeah that's it I think
it's really fascinating technology I
think it's G to be like super Out Of
Reach for so many
people were they quoting for the were
they quoting for the Mac proos like 192
gigabytes of RAM but then they like
mysteriously didn't talk about GPS for
the PCI
uh expansions like they said so in the
keynote but then like in the actual
documentation there's like no mention of
external GPS
support and I'm really like I'm confused
because if they're going to run the PCI
expansions because there like they only
have like what six slots or something
for the Mac Pro but then like if they
don't
support the external GPU software side
I'm like What's even the point of having
them at that
point CU one of the big biggest reason
you're going to want one of those
expansion ports is for [__] uh 4070
right or
whatever I don't know it's like really
impressive technology and I'm also like
super it's like super
sketch that's interesting that the the
software upd okay okay I I don't know
who here is in Cal is from
California but uh I swear to God when I
saw they're announcing the name for the
next Mac OS operating system and I saw
the [__] somoma wine
Hills come on screen before they even
said the name I'm like if you [__]
call it somoma I'm G to kill someone and
then the word somoma popped up on screen
and I had a [__]
meltdown I was like you can't [__]
call it
somoma no who no one cares about Soma
sucks if you ever been to I I don't know
anyone who's been to somoma and it's
like that was the greatest experience in
my life everyone I know that goes to
somoma is like wow that was like one of
the most depressing cities in
California ever that place sucks it's
just like win snob country it's always
like so [__]
there I used to have to go aoma a ton I
didn't enjoy it I
didn't like oh
montere the the I don't know what OS
we're on now we're on Ventura before
Ventura there was the montere and when
they announced monter I'm like oh
[__] hell yeah monter is a sick ass
place and then Ventura is just like all
right it's whatever and sonoma's like
what the [__] no one cares about that
place it's not pretty it's not
interesting there's nothing to do there
everyone's like always so sad in somoma
and the only people who aren't sad in
Soma are like super wine
snobs it's like you have all these like
exciting other places right you have the
Big Sur mountain chain you have the
[__] montere um Coastal
area uh just down south south of uh in
Southern California is Venturas like
it's whatever it's ch like who the who
the who asked for somoma that's my
question I'm gonna I'm gonna vent about
it because I I hate
Sonoma the place but I'm like how could
you name an operating system after it Ma
Oakland oh that would be incredible i'
I'd prefer that over Sona though because
at least there's something to do in
Oakland
Oakland I have been to Moder Bay
Aquarium I used to go there all the time
[__] love it one of my favorite
um my favorite marine life when I was
like younger and probably still now like
jellyfish I was super [__] spoiled
ass kid because of their [__]
incredible jellyfish display I didn't
know how good we had it at the monter
bay I didn't know how [__] good it
was cuz it was the only aquarium I had
been to back in the ma barow would be
the [__] worst thing in the history
of the
world oh my God M barow there's like
five people who live there it's
incredible but um
Monteray Bay Aquarium not only is the
aquarium itself like super awesome but
like just the entire montere like Warf
area I don't know what they call it
exactly just the just the boardwalk it's
[__]
awesome I I haven't been there in it had
to be like more than like seven eight
years I really miss it it's so good um I
don't know how many of you know
silver silver stripe but uh silver is
from the Montery area
so maybe I should like set up a time
where I go like hang out with them and
we'll go to the aquarium we'll make like
an album at the aquarium just
chill Silver the Hedgehog no no
different no
wrong sorry someone said my mic is quiet
so I pull my mic
closer it's no
use maos Stockton maos Bakersfield
aquarium Vapor alum for sure for
sure no it's really pretty it's really
pretty over there in monter so I'm just
like why somoma like again why Sonoma
who cares about somoma
what were the other Maus
names I don't remember anymore there's
there's Mavericks Sierra hi
Sierra I feel like Ma has Emoryville is
possible though because of how much
industry there because that's Emoryville
is where where Pixar is I'm pretty sure
yeah Catalina Catalina ruined everything
thank you
no ma Emille is like possible I think I
don't know if they trademarked it but
it's possible
GE was there okay now I'm like freaking
out was there a me 270 that's not
California or is it someone educate me
mosos Beverly Hills
Chihuahua I'm like I'm a fake Apple fan
I don't
know okay I didn't I didn't realize it
was in California CU I know what it is I
think I conf I confuse you with
Yellowstone like frequently
ma Outback
Steakhouse ma snow late is really pretty
the the aqua and brush metal stuff back
in that design language was like so
good I remember when they made the jump
to that glossy stuff and like the
reflections and everything and
preparation for the iPhone that they
would
eventually design was like there's
Golden
Era they're fans of
apples PE people are fans of apples but
not if they're floating on their own
then it gives you
nightmares M caner I just saw
that I think so
macaros Ponyville no big macus big
macus the UI jump from six to
S
was bad in some
ways but the I still think the music
player from iOS 7 was the best one they
had for
iPhone whatever the [__] they're doing
for um the iPhone Apple music app now is
like so
stupid I can't believe they [__] put
the repeat button in another
menu how like how how how dumb is that
why I don't
know opinions in the Apple headset thing
we're like we're already there in this
conversation earlier I don't I don't
know I think the tech is
interesting but I don't know if anyone's
going to buy
it not the first one
anyway I think okay so there's a lot of
debate in uh music about how like UI
design languages for software um not
necessarily ail 10
but I mean like for example the
difference between
like phase plant and something like
silence so with
silence everything's very skoric it
looks I I personally love the the design
of Silence
honestly um and face plant I think is
like communicative but I don't know if I
love it
but I I I wonder what the
if how much minimalism is too minimalist
in like music software design
because I don't really love how this
looks but it's like fine like I don't
really get confused too
much
um but then interesting ly enough twin 3
the new Fab filter synth this one kind
of confuses me a little bit and it's
like kind of minimalist and it's like
slightly skoric at the same
time um but I think more confusing than
that is
uh yeah the one that really gets me is
pigments which takes quite some time to
load I guess
uh give give arteria pigments five more
hours
everyone good job okay pigments kind of
kind of confuses
me I own this I I just think at the
subscription thing pigments kind of
confuses me and everything's really
uniform so you would think at base value
that it wouldn't be so confusing but
it's just I don't know there there's
something about this design that really
like irks me I don't know what it is
because I I think a lot of people are
arguing against skew
morphism but at the same time if you
compare this to like silence I
understand silence so much better maybe
it's just because of my experience with
it
but I think making things feel slightly
physically relevant really
helps make things make sense in my
brain yeah massive X same issue and
what's funny is I feel like they got it
right with the original
massive I I like Mass Effect X too like
I still I still use Mass Effect X but I
mean strictly design
speaking um I feel like they got massive
right the first
time let's let's pull this up because
massive you know it's not it's not
minimalist and it's but it's also not
totally schi orphic it's like this like
in between
spot I like how everything's
arranged whereas with massive ax it's a
little bit there's more contrast between
elements but then I get more I get more
confused at the same time because I'm
like also the frame rate on these knobs
are not super enjoyable to
use huh
cupc I like
cupcakes official Bonnie
cupcake
um
okay like yeah this Design's a little ah
um what I do think
serum serum's Serum is good Serum is
okay I think I prefer this more than the
skins that people put up
personally I don't love it
though and I can't quite pin it I like
the color choices like things
are very well contrasted with the colors
I think but there's something that irks
me about serum's design especially the
FX section Everything feels so tight and
like restrained in a way that doesn't
feel very fun to
use the knobs are super small I don't
like small the small knobs doesn't
really work unless it's like some some
sub function to
me how many serum presets I create over
the years I have no idea um I make
everything in so I I barely use serum
anymore I I have switched to using vital
a lot more in terms of wave table
synthesis um vital
design layout wise is really
good
um I like the bigger knobs
here I
think I feel like vital would definitely
benefit from being more skoric though
that's just like my personal opinion
because I would love if these knobs look
more real
realistic I feel like it would just make
it more fun to
use I don't
know yeah V vitals that's because
there's so much
space for each little module whereas
Serum is
like it's so
cramped it's like I don't like your your
mouth your wrist has to get all like
cramped up just to like turn on n n kind
of and it's like really annoying whereas
vital these things are so big you can
just flick
it I think that's why the rack feels so
much better in in
vital
um I've been using a little bit of surge
XT
and it's got a design for sure
it has a
design but what's cool about this
regardless of design is that it's like
100% free and open
source so it's kind of awesome and it
sounds
cool um definitely needs
some help though design wise but that's
okay it's open source so someone can
just do it someone can just do that
honestly
um I'm trying to think of what my
favorite s design
as
um
honestly I don't use it as much as I
should but I really like the design of
zebra maybe that doesn't necessarily
make sense because it's pretty ugly
but it's ugly in a nice way to me I
don't know how to explain it it's got
this weird blend of design
language it's kind of ugly but I kind of
really like
it the knobs here are pretty
small um I think one of my favorites
just it has to be silence this is just a
[__] gorgeous looking King synth and
it sounds really good it sounds super
warm it's super efficient uses like no
CPU silence like I people have stopped
talking about silence but I have never
stopped using
silence
and I just have to profess my love to
this thing because it's just [__]
awesome it sounds great it looks great
you got the skins and everything yeah
the knobs here are kind of small but
it's just for like the modulation stuff
it's set upu pretty like it's like a Sub
sub
function no no go no scrolling through
menus like everything right
here so many presets so many patches
places to get started but all all I have
to say is what makes silence the killer
for me is this [__] filter
[Music]
that's a [__] low pass filter like
that's a really [__] good low pass
filter
you want to hear what serum slow pass
filter sounds like hold on let's let's
listen to this one more
[Music]
time that's a seriously fuzzy and warm
low pass filter okay let's go to serum
let's see how that Stacks up
[Music]
let's see let's see how serum Stacks
up oh why are you doing
that they keep snapping to the number
four congratulations serum you're
confusing
me okay so serum's low pass filter right
remember how nice and like fuzzy that
low pass filter sounded like in serum
well in silence well in serum it sounds
like
[Music]
this that's
disgusting serum
serum serum what disgusting
dude no one wants to see
that put that away like serum's
other yeah the the drive doesn't even
like distort it it just makes it louder
and it hurts my ears um serum's other
filters like their weirder ones are
super
cool that's why Serum is so good for
like
crazy crazy like synthesis like wave
table synthesis stuff but for simple
things serum it takes so much work with
serum just to make a nice simple sound
just a nice soft synth sound and it's
like how come serum does so many things
right but then your [__] filter
sounds
like it's bad it's bad it's bad it's bad
I go back to
silence which is cheaper also
[Music]
it was just fuzzy and nice it's
warm you get out Distortion here and
does does
that wow
[Music]
like I just have to ask because this
this synth is made by just one like one
dude and so is serum I think but like I
have to ask like how [__] get the
filter to sound that good
CU there are some there other other syns
have some really good filters as well
but like silen this this synth is super
old like I'm pretty sure this came out
in like probably like 2009 maybe 2008
something like that like this s is old
and it just sounds good as
[__] um if you want if you want to get
silen you can get it for um the rent to
own program $10 a month and then once
you've paid the whole sent off you get
to keep
it comes with all these other skins and
stuff a lot of people really like the
um this one I don't personally love it
but a lot of people
do
um this one's ugly but it's also
wonderful yeah silent does rent own um
the reason why I would suggest if if
you're wanting to get into music and you
just want like a a synth to start out
with silence this synth is not the most
featured synth in the world you know you
only have a few waveforms to work with
there's like no um pulse width stuff for
the
squares
right
um there's not it's not a lot you don't
have a lot of modulation
options but if you're trying to get into
music and you want to learn a
synthesis um silence is super
good and I use it for a lot of the
simpler stuff
too in in in in the face of everything
else I have I'll just
like I'll just I'll just reach for
silence um definitely recommend it if
you need something to learn
because it looks scary but it's really
not Ableton scents are really good too I
use the wave table one quite often if
you have Ableton Live
sweet it comes with it
[Music]
so Al m is one of the dolls I actually
haven't tried yet if you look down here
I have actively app Studio bitwig
Ableton and logic and qbase and I've
been like playing around with all of
them on a
carousel uh Futura the song Futura on
Carousel was made entirely in
bitwig instead of ablon I didn't touch
Ableton once for that
[Music]
song oh also um
I was talking about silence but um I
will show for Vital constantly if you
want to get into synthesis uh vital is
also really good too and it's
free it's like 100% free and I use this
so often yeah like I I use a free synth
pretty
often in my music because it's just like
so good and the filters are good as well
nice and
[Music]
fuzzy I'm going to ladder filter
oh
[Music]
w
also something that this is really
missing by default is like a really good
tape sounding um delay but you can still
kind of mimic tape style delay if you
set this
to like one of
these slowly modulate this a little bit
[Music]
so if you add you know you do that
filter stuff and you modulate the the
speed of it it mimics the instability of
a like pitch War bow and a tape delay
and the Reverb is really nice sounding
on this
[Music]
one you can get into some really easy
good [__] really quickly
[Music]
like how how I didn't spend much on this
I didn't spend much on this past patch
you saw me do it right
now that just sounds [__] awesome
[Music]
out like that chorus at the
End by the way this is just a the only
oscillator is oscillator one and it's
just a basic saw wave like the amount of
[__] you can do is is just like
[Music]
it's kind of crunchy but
here I have a whole bunch of um patches
on here that I've made
[Music]
oh yeah the macro system is insane watch
what I can do if I just like turn this
one knob
[Music]
and the reason why is because you see
when I when I change this knob it
controls a bunch of things and I think
there's like virtually no limit to the
amount of things you can map to one
[__] macro knob so you could just
basically have a knob change into a
completely different patch just
one go the effect section here you can
oh okay it's not M to anything
there so
[Music]
oh yeah I added this little thing that
makes it sound like a dragonfly that's
why why it's called this it's like a
little dragonfly Wing be
what
else check this
[Music]
out everything you just heard is made
with one [__] vital patch hold on let
me change the
[Music]
tempo the the drums all the base all of
it is just one one instance of vital um
I'm changing notes with like the lfos
you can see here it gets really complex
but what it adds up to
[Music]
be look you can do some crazy [__] on
this I'm telling you
[Music]
this one
as you can see there's a lot of
modulation going on
[Music]
oh
yeah but yeah this is a free
[Music]
synthesizer and this folder here is just
patches that I've made
[Music]
w
was there a house of mouse
somewhere dead mouse [__] SN
[Music]
e
n
[Music]
n for
I
[Music]
the rounded squares on this one are
quite funny
[Music]
how I make a
thing I
[Music]
for
[Applause]
[Music]
what
for
[Music]
[Applause]
for some reason my [__] brain
processed the classic fade wave table as
a
haircut but the classic undercut today
for our raave table
[Music]
so I've set it up with this patch
where these macros all change it to be a
little bit different so this one will
make it more into a
[Music]
pad this will add some
weird pitchy
[Music]
[Applause]
stuff this will bit crush it and add
some stuff like
[Music]
that that's wild
Reverb and also the mod wheel if I turn
that up it'll do a weird ducking effect
for the Reverb
[Music]
which is really glitchy sounding so yeah
know you just have see and what I do is
I'll like just go through and make a
bunch of [__] like this and then I can
just pull from them later it's really
nice so like if you want to like be
productive and work on music but you
don't want to like make a song you can
just like work on sound design stuff
like this
[Music]
anyway so that's saved no wor about it
um we still have this
[Music]
here for those who weren't here earlier
or still do not
know what this is every single sound in
here was made
with the Discord sound
effects including the drums
Shadow wizard Money Gang we love casting
spells I [__] love that video I kept
repeating it all day yesterday to
myself I need to I need to find the
voice actor for that and have them do
like a tag for my next album
[Music]
oh is it how do I hire
them it's not the it's not the it's not
the same person that says um legalize
nuclear bombs is it I hope it
is how do I how does anyone know how I
hire them
I'd [__] i' [__] love it really oh
my God legendary what the [__] yo for
real like I've been waiting for um
for um MLG parodies to come back that
was like my that was my
era I'm still waiting
everyone should agree with me because
it's like so it's still
funny MLG parodies are funny now that
there's like post meta irony attached to
it and also just like I don't know it
feels very anony core I should have
[__] simpled some MLG
[__] I kind of did for the
um for the no matter what 2022 I sbled
the [__] DSR effect from the DSR
shooting sound from Black Ops 2 which is
like definitely
MLG like hold
on let me see
something okay
um so there are some parts
here oh Ableton it's just an awning file
stop freaking out goodness
[Music]
gracious so right there that's the
[__] DSR shot from Black Ops 2
and then there's other things here
too some halflife Source sound effects
there and then
there's
Minecraft and then there's
okay I'm G to get I I chat I'm going to
give you an opportunity
here that scream where is it from tell
me where's that scream
from who
knows Terraria
no Sean was up
Roblox
[Laughter]
no SpongeBob no it's a video
game Shadow wizard money
game it's not a source sound It's Not
rabids Dark Souls
okay
no it's you know what it is kind of it
is kind of hard to
tell honestly the way it's implemented
you might not even think it's like a
thing
but any more guesses just out of pure
curiosity no to all of those I mean
listen I I sampled Black Ops 2
think a very similar era of
gaming
pong wi Sports Resort so true
no Among Us
okay now now you're starting now you're
starting to get closer everyone's
starting to get closer like now the now
these suggestions are getting much
closer I'm I I'm partially
surprised because it's like so it's so
iconic to me but maybe it's just
like I don't know
I'm give you like one more minute I'll
play it
again is there anything else after
this you're all fake Gamers no it's kind
of vague the way it's put I think once I
say it like everyone's just going to be
like a [__] but like yeah it's not
totally Apparent at
first I'm eating the cupcake that Bonnie
made
insane all right I'm going to say
it it's [__] clap trap from
Borderlands
2 yeah listen
again it's [__] CL trap dude
it's Cloud trap screaming out in pain
you got to I was like I was like working
with Izzy I was like what are some funny
things we could sample and we both like
love whenever clap trap is an immense
pain and just like having an existential
breakdown or just like getting hurt or
something they were just like let's just
find a clip of clap trap just getting
[__] up and just like use
that and that's what we did we just
[__] put the sound effect of him just
[__] heeling
over I love when this robots in pain
dude no yeah it's it's Borderlands too
it's Borderlands too it's like from the
very first level I
think kind of before everything really
kicks off that the whole intro sequence
their Borderlands too where clap trops
being just an annoying piece of [__] is
like one of my favorite video game
moments
it's like so staged and it's so cheesy
but it's still funny to
me so got got Borderlands got Minecraft
got Call of Duty got the source sound
effects I think it's the halflife to
specific
ones so this this whole section right
here is just gaming
[Music]
let me
see
obviously any seasoned gamer would know
these are all gen 3 and Gen 4 Pokemon
sound
FS i' I've got I've got the [__] hoen
horns I've got the [__] gen three
horns like I I know what's real I know
what's good like those are the Gen 3
horns
[Music]
dude but then the piano is actually uh
Gen 4 that's that's the Diamond and
Pearl piano because I think that one's
better than the
um than the pianos they used in gen
3 um fun fact I've actually been finding
out that a lot of games from um like the
early
2000s
um used the corg Triton for a lot of
their sound
fonts and the reason why I figured that
out is because I picked up the cor
Triton VST a while ago I was just like
going through some of the sounds and I'm
like [__] some of these sound really
familiar but I can't place them and then
I [__]
realized Gen 4 Pokemon used the [__]
core Triton for the sound fonts a lot of
the time this [__] thing
and not just that but I also was able to
figure out that um The Legend of Zelda
Wind Waker also [__] used the corg
Triton um in a less sound fonty way in a
more like realistic sounding way let's
see um strings
viin it's not this one I
think yeah this is the this is the
[__] Wind Waker violin guys listen to
this
[Music]
that's the [__] Wind Waker
violin I don't I don't remember how to
play it
[Music]
this is a [__] Wind Waker violin it's
the it's the Cory Triton um and what was
the
[__] okay hold
on they use an outside Island they also
use it in the intro sequence like the
whole intro sequence I actually saved a
project where
I also found
a a era one let's see
I have to like hide my screen because
there's like so
many projects that I'm working on in
these folders I'm like I don't want to I
need to have all that
out you don't need to know about that
it's all
right um
damn where is that
project I don't know if I'll find
that I might just be able to remember
what it was oh is this
it I might have found it
[Music]
okay so that sound from is the Pokemon
sound
font from Gen
4 right so what I
did to get this effect was
[Music]
so I
actually found the patch that this was
from this is my remake of it but this is
the HARP that they use in uh Pokemon
Diamond pearl and
platinum and guess so what I did was I
played one note and then I processed it
but the original Triton version is
[Music]
and you can hear there's like that
imprint of the sound font in the
original but what they did was they to
condense it for the DS sound card or
whatever they you know made it they
chose one note and then transpose it in
a sampler and then it became this
instead so it's basically just this one
note of the Triton harp that they
transposed across the entire keyboard
for the DS sound card version of Pokemon
Diamond Pro
Platinum um that's the only like main
one that I've found but I swear there's
others that that we could
find all in just the
um the cork Triton presets section it it
blew my mind it's like um realizing that
a lot of the sound fonts are just like
composer keyboards and
[__] and then reason why they exist as
sound font formats is because they had
to like fit everything in such a small
sound
card and I I I looked online I haven't
seen
anyone mention what I've mention so I
feel like I should publish this
information at some
point because it might be interesting to
people because I haven't seen anyone
talking about it
[Music]
this super fun sounding um you want to
know something interesting
is
um let's take this
again so if you want to sample this and
just get a sine wave out of it all you
have to do
is select a
not or
no a b pass filter make it super narrow
and then we can just resample
that so just from that we've pulled a
sine
wave which obviously can be used for a
lot
of instrument
making from the [__] Skype sound
effect Skype Discord I'm so sorry
[Music]
it's kind of an imperfect sine wave
because of the way it's cycling I could
probably get it to be more perfect but I
don't really care
[Music]
so that's how we can get away with just
like getting a sine wave tone but while
still sampling this this the the Discord
um mute effect
[Music]
been playing around with this cold fire
thing it's kind of fun
[Music]
sorry let's put a [__] limiter here
really quickly
[Music]
what e
kind of crazy
[Music]
not I can get a square wave from the
sine
[Music]
wave else can we do here
d
[Music]
just for fun
see how this works
[Music]
why is that sound so good I'm not trying
to make a base
[Music]
a
n
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
good background actually
[Applause]
[Music]
so would this sound like slowed down
what do you think chat slower or faster
[Music]
both going be fast and
slow 300 BPM you got
[Music]
up hold on you might be on to something
200 beats per
[Music]
minute wait
this [__] sounds great at faster than
the house Tempo
[Music]
actually sounds
great I'm going try it at 140
[Music]
Tempo buildup okay actually that's not
such a bad idea let me like clear that
space out there and let's
[Music]
just let's strip this down here
[Applause]
[Music]
n
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
I like this could use more mood
movement cuz it's just kind of it could
be like more more GED
that really easy way to do this is to
get volume Automation and
just kind of figure out where
the emphasis should be it's probably
around here
so without this it sounds like
this and what that automation sounds
like
this there's there's some more there's
some more Groove there
[Applause]
[Music]
is
okay so here's a big question do we keep
using the Discord sound
effects as the sound as the sound
sources for everything or can we like
start building other
things into it do what do you what do
you think I feel like if we're going to
stick to the Discord stuff I should get
the rest of the sound effects
I think we can try
to I feel like we can try
to get the other Discord sound effects
feel like I have them
somewhere maybe I do have to download
them
again there's a lot of Discord sound
effects
[Music]
you're welcome
okay let's see if that did the
trick did we get
him okay
[Music]
I like the main tone because there's two
tones going on with that
[Music]
so let's
there I want this to ring out more so
here's what we're going to do we're
going to use this
[Music]
e
are we still on this conversation about
[__] Dr Pepper versus Coke
[Music]
a
I
[Music]
oh this rhythm
wait separate these into two
parts one two one two
[Music]
I'm so sorry to anyone period like
that's that
[Music]
I put a crystallizer on it
actually don't get all sparkly that's
sound
cool e
[Music]
n
I wonder how we can make a crash or like
Riser or something with the
is okay hold
on there's that little like rustling
sound
wait a
second there's a [__] rustling sound
and I can isolate the other notes from
it we can make a [__] crash symbol
guys holy [__] let's get some tones out
of that
like pick
some just
arbitrary sine waves
to turn into a
crash simple
this holy [__] awesome
I've never been so excited over a
[__] Russell
sound I've like pitched it down which
means we're going to lose some high end
and we can fill that back in by using
some white noise
sh
okay so how do we stretch this as far as
we
can first off let's shape that low end a
little bit more
again so
use a plate
Reverb make a
big thing
like a really hard compressor like
just squash the [__] out of
it put s
here please
just keep squashing
up we're just going to stretch it as far
as we can
and
[Music]
now say is our [__] crash symbol
[Applause]
[Music]
give that ping pong delay
go something super clean something super
loud
I wonder if might be better for this
one that one's pretty
clean the [__] I put
it where did it
go did I simply remove it
oh
there we
[Music]
go and then we could just take this
further we can like resample this
again but then what we'll do this time
has like shape into the other
sound more like
resample this
again got that tone out of it and
then reverse it check this out out we
have ourselves an all
like up
shifter sounds like this
[Music]
that's how you can make a downshifter or
rather a crash symbol and an up shifter
using just the [__] rustling sound
from Discord sound effect that's how you
do it
okay I'm listen to one I'm to start one
more time here for
[Music]
he
n
[Music]
all you know what else we can do is we
can like
sample this tail here
just reverse
it I pass
it just use that as its own
effect
Maybe e
[Music]
okay um I'm going to save this and I'm
going
to I'm going save it to patreon so we'll
be
there um I think I'm going to call it
there it's been 4 hours it's 1:00 a.m.
so I think I'm going to get off now but
um maybe this will me I'll stream
more it was fun oh it was good I don't
know I don't feel that interesting
so hope it was good
enough um yeah all right
uh I don't even know how to close the
stream so just do I click this I think I
do yeah something like
that
um play this out and close the stream
thank you for coming great gaming
everyone
[Music]
[Applause]